docs: Update URLs moved from v1beta1 to v1 (#6718)
aws/karpenter-provider-aws: website/content/en/v0.32/concepts/nodeclasses.md

  # Generated instance profile name from "role"
  instanceProfile: "${CLUSTER_NAME}-0123456778901234567789"
```

> Refer to the [NodePool docs]({{<ref "./nodepools" >}}) for settings applicable to all providers. To explore various `EC2NodeClass` configurations, refer to the examples provided [in the Karpenter Github repository](https://github.com/aws/karpenter/blob/main/examples/v1/).

Reviewer: Instead of using main for all version expect preview, can pin to their minor version tag
```suggestion
Refer to the [NodePool docs]({{<ref "./nodepools" >}}) for settings applicable to all providers. To explore various `EC2NodeClass` configurations, refer to the examples provided [in the Karpenter Github repository](https://github.com/aws/karpenter/blob/v0.32.0/examples/v1beta1/).
```
